[NARRATOR] Gold Roger,
the King of the Pirates,
attained every treasure that
the world had to offer.
Smiling, even as he
stood upon the scaffold,
he issued a challenge
to the world.
[GOLD ROGER] You want my
treasure? You can have it!
I left everything I gathered
together in one place.
Now you just have to find it!
[NARRATOR]
Now, those who dare to dream
hoist their flags and sail
into the Great Pirate Era!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second
half of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Now, Monkey D. Luffy, a boy
whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] During their
journey to the New World,
Luffy and his crew
arrive on Fishman Island,
which is located 10,000
meters below sea level.
The Fishman Pirates,
led by Hordy Jones
and assisted by Vander Decken,
plot to overthrow King Neptune.
[LUFFY]
Friends or enemies, huh?
Don't ask me.
'Cause I'd say...
it's up to you!
[LUFFY]
"A Big Clash!
The Straw Hats vs.
A Hundred Thousand Enemies!"
[FISHMEN chattering]
Uh, hey, guys? Is that him?
I really hope not.
'Cause he's invaded the
Navy headquarters twice,
and we're no navy!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE B] Well,
that looks like his pirate ship.
Not to mention his
crew. So, yeah.
[BOTH chuckle]
[chuckles]
Ha! Come on! Really?
What kind of weirdo
hides inside a shark?
[ZEO] I'm more concerned with
how that skeleton and the others
managed to escape
from the Ryugu Palace.
[FISHMAN D] About time
you showed up, Straw Hat!
[FISHMAN E]
I can't believe he came!
[FISHBOY B]
Madam Sharley!
That pirate you were
talking about. He's here!
Yeah, he just saved the
princess and the king!
[SHARLEY]
The Straw Hat boy.
Yeah, yeah. I'm here.
How was that?
It could've gone worse,
considering it was Luffy.
[JIMBEI] Mm. Not exactly
what we had planned,
but I can't argue
with the results.
Yuh-huh!
No! You're staying right here!
Don't fight. It's pointless.
C'mon. We're just wastin' time!
Yes, right.
If we don't hurry,
they'll kill Father.
I already told you, Jimbei!
Get outta my way so I can go
and kick this Hordy guy's ass!
[JIMBEI]
And I told you to wait!
You aren't listening at all!
Let me finish speaking!
Now, how would you describe
the relationship between us?
We're friends!
That's right.
Although it is a
simple matter for us,
our two peoples
have been struggling
to establish such a
relationship for decades now.
I left you a message
saying not to fight Hordy,
because I didn't want
you facing him recklessly.
Don't you see?
Think of how the
Fishmen will view you.
If you rush in and show
aggression towards Hordy,
you'll be viewed as
nothing more than
just another human bully
oppressing our kind.
That is not what we want.
No. You should be a hero.
One that saves the island!
[BOTH gasp]
[LUFFY]
A hero?
Hell no!
But why?
Obviously because we're pirates!
Come on!
Heroes are great,
but I'm not one!
Seriously.
Do you even know what
you're asking me to do?
Let's say there's
a chunk of meat, right?
Pirates will have a
banquet and dig right in.
But a hero would give
it to other people
instead of eating it.
Screw that. My meat is mine!
What a reason.
[SANJI sighs]
It figures, dummy.
Luffy.
I'll let you have all
the meat you want.
Just do as I say.
That's fair.
--[CAMIE giggles]
--Huh?! No way!
[JIMBEI]
I'll make this simple.
There will come a time
when I need your help,
so you'll rush in when
that moment arrives.
Okay.
Good. But first, the plan.
We'll get caught,
on purpose, to get us close.
[MEGALO gasps]
Afterwards, while their
attention's on me,
then one of you pirates will
sneak out of Megalo's stomach
and get yourself into position,
to make your attack.
Did you say his stomach?
The Celestial Dragon's letter.
They have it. We need it.
Hold on. What's this letter?
Jimbei. Remember?
Luffy was sleeping through
most of your story.
He doesn't know.
In short, the letter is
something Queen Otohime
acquired ten years ago
at great personal risk.
It will define the very
future of this island.
They'll also have
the key we'll need
to release the king
from his bonds.
One of your crewmates
must retrieve them.
Which one of you's
up to the task?
I'm pretty good at stealing.
But still, I think I'll
need Robin's help.
Of course.
Good. Once you've managed
to free the king, get out.
I'll call Luffy and
we'll take over.
After you emerge
from Megalo's body,
the people of Fishman Island
will understand your intent,
because they'll see you
and I are working together
against a common foe.
Princess. I must ask that
you stay somewhere safe
outside the plaza.
It's for the best.
We'll pass the letter to you,
whereupon, the entire
royal family can escape.
During this time,
the rest of you will have to
head to the Ryugu Palace to
rescue your imprisoned friends.
Once they're free,
get to the plaza to back
us up as soon as possible.
As for how you go about
saving them, well...
...that's for you to deal with.
Come on! Be specific!
Wow! You can count
on us, big time!
After all, we've got
the Sunny, right?
So no worries. We'll be there.
Once this is set in motion,
there's no turning back.
We must succeed.
[HACHI grunts]
Everyone here respects Jimbei.
Whether they're a
civilian or outlaw,
they'll follow
after his example.
[CAMIE]
Mm. That's right.
So if they see Jimbei working
with a human, even a pirate,
they'll cheer you on or
maybe even fight beside you.
I mean, it's possible.
Straw Hat.
[JIMBEI]
Hm?
Please, Luffy.
I'm only doing this
'cause you asked me to!
Got that? I mean it.
Having people cheer for me?
No thanks. I don't like it!
I'm more for taking their
money and running away.
[SANJI]
Speak for yourselves!
I'd go to the depths of hell
if I knew the mermaids would
be there to cheer me on!
Very well then.
Sounds like everything
is settled, then.
[NAMI]
All right. Let's do this thing!
Wait.
Yeah? What's up?
Something wrong?
What's our codename?
Are you kidding? Who cares?
[LUFFY]
Can we go already?
[JIMBEI] At any rate,
it appears you were able to
save your friends
from the palace.
[PAPPAGU]
Straw Hat!
Huh? Pappagu!
What's up? It hasn't
been that long.
[PAPPAGU]
I know, I know.
But I almost died! Many times!
'Cause of those guys!
[USOPP, ZORO]
Huh?
[FISHBOY A]
That's Straw Hat Luffy!
He's human, and a pirate!
But on our side!
[FISHMAN F]
He showed up right when
Princess Shirahoshi
called for him!
From the looks of things,
he's here to help Boss Jimbei
save the country
from Hordy's men!
[FISHMEN]
Straw Hat!
[ZEO chuckles] Isn't it
sweet how they cling to you?
But you've only delayed the
king's inevitable demise!
After all, you're
nothing but a human!
[BROOK] Your beauty outshines
all others, Princess.
[laughs]
[BROOK]
Now that we've met,
would you be willing to
show me your panties? [groans]
You can't ask her that!
Then show me yours.
No way in hell!
--[thud]
--[BROOK groans]
Okay. We're back! About time.
They're all ignoring you!
[ZEO groans] That's just because
I was using my inside voice!
[SANJI]
Nami-swan!
Now that I saved those
idiots from the palace,
you have to love me! Right?
Whatever.
Wait. He did what?
Liar! We got to
the exit ourselves!
[USOPP]
Mm.
Maybe.
However, you never would
have escaped without me!
That's a joke.
Right, you guys?
Wish I could say it was.
But he left out the part
where Brook was a ghost.
What'd you say?
[BROOK]
You heard right.
Our escape was only possible
because of my splendid
new ability! [giggles]
[PAPPAGU screaming]
I need you to find the key!
I mean, I need you
to find the sword!
[PAPPAGU screams]
Please, there's no time!
[PAPPAGU]
Stay away, ghost!
[PAPPAGU screaming]
[BROOK]
Pappagu!
[PAPPAGU screams]
[PAPPAGU]
Huh?
All right. That's weird.
How exactly does this
ghost know my name?
Come now. We're
friends! [laughs]
[PAPPAGU screams]
No we're not!
I don't have any friends
that are ghosts! Uh--
Wait. You're Bone
Daddy, aren't you?
[laughing]
[USOPP gasps]
Oh, no! It's here!
What are you doing,
Brook? Hurry!
Before it's too late!
Real sorry for the wait.
[USOPP]
Oh, no biggie.
[PAPPAGU gasps]
Here! Your sword!
Nice cut! Way to go!
[USOPP]
Heck yeah! We're outta here!
[ZORO]
Three-Sword Style!
Huh?
[BOTH groan]
[ALL gasp]
[USOPP groans]
Okay, that was way too much!
[ZORO]
You think?
[PAPPAGU]
I'm running out of strength!
[USOPP]
Gotta get a breath!
[ZORO]
Damn!
[USOPP]
I'm gonna die!
[HOE clicks]
[CHOPPER]
Look! They're here!
Hey! We came to get you!
[SANJI]
Great, they're still alive.
[BROOK]
It was very exciting.
[laughs]
[CHOPPER]
It sounds like your new ability
is pretty amazing, Brook!
I'm sure it'll come in handy.
[CHOPPER]
Anyway,
Luffy knocked their
captain out in one hit.
Why don't they seem
more worried about that?
You're right. That's odd.
[NAMI]
Shirahoshi.
[gasps]
It's your mom's letter.
Here you go.
I can't tell you how
much this means to me.
I know it may look like an
ordinary piece of paper,
but it's this island's hope!
That's enough.
Weepyhoshi, it's not safe.
[JIMBEI]
Mm. He's right.
You weren't meant to be caught,
so you must leave.
Now. While you can.
Wait, Luffy.
What did you call me?
[LUFFY]
Huh?
Just now. It was
almost my name, but--
Yeah. I was wrong about you.
You're a wuss,
but more than just a crybaby.
[gasps]
[LUFFY] So I'll call you
"Weepyhoshi." It's an upgrade.
[ROBIN] When a person feels
as if they've been wronged,
well, then it's only natural
that they would turn to hate.
That man.
[ROBIn]
Hordy is doing exactly that.
[NAMI]
But you chose not to hate.
A coward wouldn't do that.
Hardship has only made
you stronger in the end.
Nami is right.
You endured.
Princess, I'm proud of you.
I appreciate the thought.
But still, I feel like
I caused everyone trouble
by keeping this
secret to myself.
I'm sorry. You're mistaken.
You've done quite well.
Your intentions were pure.
Just like those who
have come before you.
You can't tell them.
You have to hold it in.
Listen.
Don't become angry on my behalf.
I don't want that.
[JIMBEI] Our heroes planted
a seed in your heart,
and it has blossomed
beautifully.
You have lived by
their example well.
If everyone else
thought the way you do,
then there would be
no more fighting,
and the conflict between
Fishmen and humans
would be over, at last.
You may have suffered through
these past years alone,
but that doesn't make
that time meaningless.
Singlehandedly,
you were a defender.
Protecting the virtues
of others day after day.
But today, we're here.
We'll protect them for you.
Thank... you...!
Thank you so much!
She's still a crybaby.
That's for sure.
[FISHMAN G]
Straw Hat! Take 'em down!
[HORDY] I should've known
Vander Decken was gonna fail me.
He couldn't even get rid
of one lousy princess.
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES]
Captain Hordy!
[ZEO]
It's as I thought.
The Energy Steroid is still
coursing through his veins.
[DARUMA]
Given how much he took,
I'd be surprised if it wasn't!
He's back up! They're done for!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheering]
[FISHMEN gasp]
Her power is too great.
It really is the
stuff of legends.
Once I found out it was real,
I knew I had to eliminate
her as soon as possible.
But then, you got in my way.
Admittedly, I should have
known something was wrong
when you were captured
without putting up a fight,
Jimbei.
You really like these
humans, don't you?
People like you are the worst.
You've completely
forgotten your pride!
See, you grew up with
Tiger in our district.
And let's not forget Arlong.
He was like your brother.
Both of them were beaten
or killed by humans!
But instead of avenging them,
you went and got in
bed with the humans!
It's pathetic.
Jimbei.
Gutless! Like Neptune!
But soon, everything is
going to change.
Once I'm king, that is.
Hear that? I'll start
with the World Summit.
That'll be the perfect place.
With every ruler in the
surface world in one place,
they'll be easy to kill.
Then, the whole world will learn
to fear our underwater kingdom.
[HORDY]
Their kingdoms in disarray,
we'll drag the humans
into the depths
and enslave every last one!
In time, there won't be a soul
left to stand against us.
And we will rule
the Great Pirate Era!
[chuckles]
Oh, yes, you pirates will bow
the same as everybody else.
Just you wait.
You see?
These humans are more than
capable of holding their own,
yet they kneel before me.
That's right.
In a moment, you'll be
just like them, Straw Hats!
I'll be King of the Fishmen,
King of the Humans,
and King of the Pirates!
Is that so?
[HORDY chuckles] And to think,
there're only ten of you here
to stand in my way!
What can you possibly do
when we're 100,000?!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES cheer]
Uh, how are they supposed
to fight all of them?
Boss Jimbei's side
is too outnumbered.
I don't like these odds.
Are they gonna be okay?
They're the only
hope we have left.
So if they lose,
Hordy takes everything!
They must win.
Because if they don't,
that monster is gonna
take our homes away!
Fight! Boss Jimbei!
You got this, Straw Hat!
[FISHCHILDREN]
Straw Hat!
Kill them! New Fishman Pirates!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATES yelling]
[CHOPPER screams]
Here they come!
No way we can fight
this many at once!
We're done for!
[PAPPAGU] This is exactly
the reason I don't like
hangin' out with you guys!
Before this begins,
it's been a pleasure
traveling with all of you.
Don't say that! Gah!
[BROOK]
There are so many enemies! Wow!
If I try to count them all,
my eyes may pop out!
Then again, I don't have eyes.
So they can't! [laughs]
Just 100,000?
That's nothing we
can't handle, right?
Hey! Wait!
You're just saying that 'cause
you're hiding behind us!
Then here I go!
It's time to shine!
Super Armored Me!
All right!
Let's do this already.
Get over here!
In case you can't count,
we're each gonna have to take
down 10,000 of these guys
to win this fight.
They have numbers, but it
doesn't make them stronger.
I mean, it's not like they're
Navy admirals or anything.
So don't crap yourself.
After these guys, you're next!
Number 10,001!
[Bring it on! I can't wait!
[ZORO, SANJI gasp]
[SANJI]
Hey, Luffy!
Oh, no.
Luffy?
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE K] Those
four million berries are mine!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE L]
No, they're mine!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE M]
It's too easy!
[HORDY laughs]
Kill him!
[HORDY gasps]
[FISHMEN gasp]
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE N yells]
What the hell just happened?!
But he didn't do anything!
And he still knocked
them all out!
Hey! Get up, guys! C'mon!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE I]
Damn!
He took down half
of us in an instant!
[NEW FISHMAN PIRATE J]
That was 50,000 of our men!
What did he even do?
Did everyone see that?
Yeah, but--I don't
know what it was.
So much power, for one so young.
Wait. Did the Straw Hat
guy really do that?
Yeah! Too cool!
[ROBIN]
That Haki!
That training paid off. I see.
Unreal.
I mean, Conqueror's Haki? Scary.
Sure is. But I'd expect no less.
Otherwise, he couldn't
be my captain.
Oh, my! Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Your name's Hordy, right?
I'm about to kick your ass.
You wanna become the king
of a country or whatever?
Fine, I don't care.
But King of the Pirates?
Nuh-uh.
That's my job!
[NARRATOR]
Despite Luffy's display of Haki,
the sheer number of Hordy's
forces proves overwhelming.
As the New Fishman Pirates
close in on Shirahoshi,
Zoro and Sanji
launch an assault.
With the last two years
still fresh in their minds,
the Straw Hats' training
is put to the test,
as they unleash a flurry of
fearsome new techniques.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"Deadly Attacks
One After Another!
Zoro and Sanji Join the Battle!"
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!